{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Futura-Medium;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Geneva;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green70\blue142;\red93\green93\blue93;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red61\green72\blue205;\red67\green33\blue174;\red22\green28\blue101;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11860\viewh18340\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0\fs96 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd3\expndtw15
Wffle
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\cf3 1.0.2 for After Effects\
\'a9 2011 990adjustments\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f1\fs26 \cf4 \
\cf5 Welcome!
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf6 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360

\f1\fs22 \cf0 Sometimes you need to create a loop from a source that has no loop point and the only way to create the loop is to dissolve between a duplicate of the source. If the source has transparency, it becomes a problem.\
\
Wffle is a simple After Effects script that uses the blend effect to create a seamless loop of your source even with transparency. Can you easily create the process by hand? Of course you can, this just automates it!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b\fs26 \cf5 Installation
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf6 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360

\f1\b\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360

\b0 \cf0 This script requires After Effects CS3 or later.\
\
Just place the script in your After Effects scripts directory. The script also works as a dockable panel if you place it in the After Effects ScriptUI folder.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b\fs26 \cf5 How do I use Wffle?
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf6 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360

\f1\b\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li423\fi-3

\b0 \cf0 If you only have one layer in your comp:\

\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360

\b0 \cf0 \'95 Enter the time at which you want the loop to begin\
\'95 Enter an optional dissolve length. Default is 1.5 sec\
\'95 Loop it!\
\
If you have multiple layers in the comp:\
\
\'95 Select the layer you want to loop\
\'95 Enter the time at which you want the loop to begin\
\'95 Enter an optional dissolve length. Default is 1.5 sec\
\'95 Loop it!\
\
As with many effects, the blend effect will not read any effects or a time-remap applied to blend layer source. If the layer is not looping, check to make sure no effects are present. Otherwise, precomp the layer.\
\
If your Display Style in your composition settings is set to timecode, enter your values in seconds. If your Display Style is in frames, then enter the values as frames.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b\fs26 \cf5 Version History
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360

\f1\b\fs22 \cf0 Wffle 1.0.2
\b0 \
\
- Fixed issues with using frames vs. timecode in comps.\

\b \
Wffle 1.0.1
\b0 \
\
- Fixed method name from timcodeDisplayType to timeDisplayType which was renamed in API.\

\b \
Wffle 1.0
\b0 \
\
- First "official" release!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b\fs26 \cf5 Contact, Suggestions, Bugs
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360

\f1\fs22 \cf0 E-Mail: hi@990adjustments.com\
Web: \cf7 \ul \ulc7 http://www.990adjustments.com/\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360
\cf0 Twitter: @990adjustments\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f1\b\fs26 \cf5 Legal\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360

\b0\fs22 \cf0 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL 990ADJUSTMENTS OR\
ERWIN SANTACRUZ AND CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\f3\fs18 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \
990adjustments All rights reserved. Copyright \'a9 2011}